this is how Turan asaurus rex may have
moved in the opinion of one of the new
generation of dinosaur interpreters
Robert Becker of the Museum of Colorado
ok tyrannosaurus rex the most famous
dinosaur the most popular dinosaur and
here it is running at 40 miles per hour
faster than a rhino faster than an
elephant this t-rex
is going faster than a lion yes but
that's your animation how do you know
that because of the way the muscles were
hung on those leg bones because of the
way the calf muscles were hung on that
knee because the way the massive thigh
muscles were hung on that ilium but why
does that prove it was warm buddy let's
look at the real minute could it could
it really have reared up like that and
lifted it immensely and more it could
jump it could run it could run fast this
is a t-rex a real one a cast with a
bloody big knee but why does that mean
it's gotta be warm-blooded actually it's
the other way around because
warm-blooded myth demands speed this
animal has to cruise fast and it has to
go into great bursts of speed ghost has
to kill more often than a cold-blooded
animal there is no cold-blooded animal
today with this great strength none this
is not a scaled up lizard this is not a
scaled up tortoise this is an enlarged
five tonne meat-eating Roadrunner that's
what it is and like a roadrunner it's
eating frequently and there's another
message - about speed in the skeleton
not in the legs but in the chest because
in the chest there was housed in these
ribs without doubt a gigantic part
designed to pump designed to put out
blood flow at emphatically warm-blooded
levels listen to this one this is a
pigeon this is a horse